https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC-8QAzbLcRglXeN_MY9blyw # Ben Awad https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC-8QAzbLcRglXeN_MY9blyw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC-AQKm7HUNMmxjdS371MSwg # Channel 5 with Andrew Callaghan https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC-AQKm7HUNMmxjdS371MSwg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC-EnprmCZ3OXyAoG7vjVNCA # Stanford https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC-EnprmCZ3OXyAoG7vjVNCA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC-LM91jkqJdWFvm9B5G-w7Q # Alan Fisher https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC-LM91jkqJdWFvm9B5G-w7Q
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC-RA5BzE_BnZhf5iVdNF1hA # loopop https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC-RA5BzE_BnZhf5iVdNF1hA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC-T8W79DN6PBnzomelvqJYw # James Q Quick https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC-T8W79DN6PBnzomelvqJYw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC-WJQEm2k924NPOdUSzwI-w # Justin Solomon https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC-WJQEm2k924NPOdUSzwI-w
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC-Zcse8tC53G34Uo4kzLeAg # Chris Blakely https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC-Zcse8tC53G34Uo4kzLeAg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC-fhG9Uy_TtG7iZZ8W1tPiQ # Wheelsboy https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC-fhG9Uy_TtG7iZZ8W1tPiQ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC-hYI_iMzc-wkvIqvsW2u1Q # Software Engineering using C https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC-hYI_iMzc-wkvIqvsW2u1Q
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC-ptWR16ITQyYOglXyQmpzw # IAmTimCorey https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC-ptWR16ITQyYOglXyQmpzw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC-yuWVUplUJZvieEligKBkA # javidx9 https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC-yuWVUplUJZvieEligKBkA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC05XpvbHZUQOfA6xk4dlmcw # DJ Ware https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC05XpvbHZUQOfA6xk4dlmcw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC06E4Y_-ybJgBUMtXx8uNNw # TheBackyardScientist https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC06E4Y_-ybJgBUMtXx8uNNw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC06HVrkOL33D5lLnCPjr6NQ # Breaking Taps https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC06HVrkOL33D5lLnCPjr6NQ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC0GmsDkaPerh1VdAfpWaaKA # Jorphdan https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC0GmsDkaPerh1VdAfpWaaKA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC0QdW-H7_l0zh_CoNhlwoBw # ParallaxNick https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC0QdW-H7_l0zh_CoNhlwoBw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC0T7tvy44mlQCjaTtparOZw # Jer Schmidt https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC0T7tvy44mlQCjaTtparOZw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC0fDG3byEcMtbOqPMymDNbw # Noclip - Video Game Documentaries https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC0fDG3byEcMtbOqPMymDNbw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC0intLFzLaudFG-xAvUEO-A # Not Just Bikes https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC0intLFzLaudFG-xAvUEO-A
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC0nEDA3uRd5YuvBfMwQNteg # That Chemist https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC0nEDA3uRd5YuvBfMwQNteg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC17ewSS9f2EnkCyMztCdoKA # gamozolabs https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC17ewSS9f2EnkCyMztCdoKA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC17mJJnvzAa_e9qQqLIfIeQ # Semicolon &amp; Sons https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC17mJJnvzAa_e9qQqLIfIeQ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC19g6QdzGWzRZv4piTgHwEA # Aaron Hunter https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC19g6QdzGWzRZv4piTgHwEA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC1EacOJoqsKaYxaDomTCTEQ # Le RÃ©veilleur https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC1EacOJoqsKaYxaDomTCTEQ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC1H1NWNTG2Xi3pt85ykVSHA # Jordan Harrod https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC1H1NWNTG2Xi3pt85ykVSHA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC1MHbPo9A_TcNH0fZ7ezARw # The Modern Martial Artist https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC1MHbPo9A_TcNH0fZ7ezARw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC1MSjY1ATUuLp_YMmf5KzJA # Tip Stevens https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC1MSjY1ATUuLp_YMmf5KzJA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC1O0jDlG51N3jGf6_9t-9mw # Marco Reps https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC1O0jDlG51N3jGf6_9t-9mw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC1V-DYqsaj764uBis9-UDug # Foureyes Furniture https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC1V-DYqsaj764uBis9-UDug
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC1VLQPn9cYSqx8plbk9RxxQ # The Action Lab https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC1VLQPn9cYSqx8plbk9RxxQ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC1XvxnHFtWruS9egyFasP1Q # What about it!? https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC1XvxnHFtWruS9egyFasP1Q
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC1_uAIS3r8Vu6JjXWvastJg # Mathologer https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC1_uAIS3r8Vu6JjXWvastJg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC1jsSfjt8MPRqK254HV1i9Q # GraduatePhysics https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC1jsSfjt8MPRqK254HV1i9Q
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC1lIHn3KlcJimyxsVugP4uw # Aging Wheels https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC1lIHn3KlcJimyxsVugP4uw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC1p7jFXjL7Q0qMii08oAeAQ # Jaimie Stuff https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC1p7jFXjL7Q0qMii08oAeAQ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC1r0DG-KEPyqOeW6o79PByw # TechTechPotato https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC1r0DG-KEPyqOeW6o79PByw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC1tozVUXyve6pkAv6gtcrQQ # nubDotDev https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC1tozVUXyve6pkAv6gtcrQQ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC1vVNQN-TCy8d3Mb_Owr2Kw # Masaman https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC1vVNQN-TCy8d3Mb_Owr2Kw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC1ydE9gDHTdvbNVIgEKIKzw # VWestlife https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC1ydE9gDHTdvbNVIgEKIKzw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC26YLK0OEbLB3TCYxGh8xVQ # Huygens Optics https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC26YLK0OEbLB3TCYxGh8xVQ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC27jRFKGzztB9u9T5GkPH_g # Woody Piano Shack https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC27jRFKGzztB9u9T5GkPH_g
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC29ju8bIPH5as8OGnQzwJyA # Traversy Media https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC29ju8bIPH5as8OGnQzwJyA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC2AiGypIok7TBQy3KpkW0Fw # Tazio Il Biondo the italian butterfly (Tazio Gavioli) https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC2AiGypIok7TBQy3KpkW0Fw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC2D6eRvCeMtcF5OGHf1-trw # CodeWithChris https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC2D6eRvCeMtcF5OGHf1-trw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC2LVhJH_9cT2XKp0VAfsKOQ # The Tim Traveller https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC2LVhJH_9cT2XKp0VAfsKOQ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC2PA-AKmVpU6NKCGtZq_rKQ # Philosophy Tube https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC2PA-AKmVpU6NKCGtZq_rKQ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC2PPG0jeEImrxRA3VN2jvgQ # bluelug https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC2PPG0jeEImrxRA3VN2jvgQ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC2_OG1L8DLTzQ7UrZVOk7OA # Axolot https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC2_OG1L8DLTzQ7UrZVOk7OA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC2bkHVIDjXS7sgrgjFtzOXQ # engineerguy https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC2bkHVIDjXS7sgrgjFtzOXQ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC2eYFnH61tmytImy1mTYvhA # Luke Smith https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC2eYFnH61tmytImy1mTYvhA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC2q7OXP-mPxHzJerA9tXe7Q # Ashish Xiangyi Kumar https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC2q7OXP-mPxHzJerA9tXe7Q
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC2uFFhnMKyF82UY2TbXRaNg # John Ward (jwflame) https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC2uFFhnMKyF82UY2TbXRaNg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC2wNnyb3vWhOt0K6LpBrtGg # Mental Checkpoint https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC2wNnyb3vWhOt0K6LpBrtGg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC31msahuXK0g6Keb27d1wog # NanoBaiter https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC31msahuXK0g6Keb27d1wog
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC39yMXOL0ubFxLWwF1RwelA # STS Telecom https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC39yMXOL0ubFxLWwF1RwelA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC3BGlwmI-Vk6PWyMt15dKGw # O'Reilly https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC3BGlwmI-Vk6PWyMt15dKGw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC3CBOpT2-NRvoc2ecFMDCsA # Crime Pays But Botany Doesn't https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC3CBOpT2-NRvoc2ecFMDCsA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC3FD64RRsrCLpiZNkq7ZkSg # Zoe Baker https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC3FD64RRsrCLpiZNkq7ZkSg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC3KEoMzNz8eYnwBC34RaKCQ # Simone Giertz https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC3KEoMzNz8eYnwBC34RaKCQ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC3L8AcX1xJEhTofnCF2MAaQ # Simulating Physics Miscellaneous https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC3L8AcX1xJEhTofnCF2MAaQ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC3S8vxwRfqLBdIhgRlDRVzw # stacksmashing https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC3S8vxwRfqLBdIhgRlDRVzw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC3_VCOJMaivgcGqPCTePLBA # frank howarth https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC3_VCOJMaivgcGqPCTePLBA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC3azLjQuz9s5qk76KEXaTvA # suckerpinch https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC3azLjQuz9s5qk76KEXaTvA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC3bosUr3WlKYm4sBaLs-Adw # CuriousMarc https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC3bosUr3WlKYm4sBaLs-Adw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC3cYcYPnsmXVqqMrqVlc2kg # Little White Lies https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC3cYcYPnsmXVqqMrqVlc2kg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC3j3w-oUtIAm_KI857ydvUA # Thoisoi2 - Chemical Experiments! https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC3j3w-oUtIAm_KI857ydvUA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC3ltptWa0xfrDweghW94Acg # Karl Jobst https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC3ltptWa0xfrDweghW94Acg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC3qbvcgOHXRIFIofXyd1vBw # Mic The Snare https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC3qbvcgOHXRIFIofXyd1vBw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC3ts8coMP645hZw9JSD3pqQ # Andreas Kling https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC3ts8coMP645hZw9JSD3pqQ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC3vYz1SAtcbRhsatydObGQw # Shijun Wang https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC3vYz1SAtcbRhsatydObGQw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC3zoY9LapZERsN7caDKqz0w # Archipel https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC3zoY9LapZERsN7caDKqz0w
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC4Jrte_YtwWfANKNyzse5iA # Avides de recherche https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4Jrte_YtwWfANKNyzse5iA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC4Otk-uDioJN0tg6s1QO9lw # atomic14 https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4Otk-uDioJN0tg6s1QO9lw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC4PBNDLlS4d75MP0xxcukGA # Adrian Crenshaw https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4PBNDLlS4d75MP0xxcukGA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC4PasDd25MXqlXBogBw9CAg # MickaÃ«l Launay (Micmaths) https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4PasDd25MXqlXBogBw9CAg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC4QYBbgLkGaULStiC5yc_1Q # Samo Burja https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4QYBbgLkGaULStiC5yc_1Q
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC4RrVM-Xck6VDNCZFWXiZUw # MicroType Engineering https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4RrVM-Xck6VDNCZFWXiZUw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC4V_jMdRbbTrmBVJB6FDzgw # Unlearning Economics https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4V_jMdRbbTrmBVJB6FDzgw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC4mpLlHn0FOekNg05yCnkzQ # ferrisstreamsstuff https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4mpLlHn0FOekNg05yCnkzQ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC4xKdmAXFh4ACyhpiQ_3qBw # TechLead https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4xKdmAXFh4ACyhpiQ_3qBw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC5029sGTV3cQWk9gh90X6-Q # hhp3 https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC5029sGTV3cQWk9gh90X6-Q
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC50xPFPma-nCS5GZpAFukpQ # Trek Trendy https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC50xPFPma-nCS5GZpAFukpQ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC54NcJvLCvM2CNaBjd5j6HA # RealToughCandy https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC54NcJvLCvM2CNaBjd5j6HA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC556b-Cl0Fp02iMc96yoJbg # BBQwithFranklin https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC556b-Cl0Fp02iMc96yoJbg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC55OV4HSSKJEthG4ulsKkyw # Good Blood https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC55OV4HSSKJEthG4ulsKkyw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC56l7uZA209tlPTVOJiJ8Tw # Low Byte Productions https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC56l7uZA209tlPTVOJiJ8Tw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC58IKuPHnZkdCZ6T5mSRGCg # Night Mind https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC58IKuPHnZkdCZ6T5mSRGCg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC5DNytAJ6_FISueUfzZCVsw # Code with Ania KubÃ³w https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC5DNytAJ6_FISueUfzZCVsw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC5FWImlh1axobNU541SIHHg # BNT https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC5FWImlh1axobNU541SIHHg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC5G1ThclVYLp2YFQUodTNnA # Timbah.On.Toast https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC5G1ThclVYLp2YFQUodTNnA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC5NO8MgTQKHAWXp6z8Xl7yQ # This Old Tony https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC5NO8MgTQKHAWXp6z8Xl7yQ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC5bN6XKHDCFt_wYAJmsP_Mg # Jasper https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC5bN6XKHDCFt_wYAJmsP_Mg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC5i2WkUKnkAp5_fHTuNyrrQ # Death Culture Studio https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC5i2WkUKnkAp5_fHTuNyrrQ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC6107grRI4m0o2-emgoDnAA # SmarterEveryDay https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC6107grRI4m0o2-emgoDnAA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC64TYItcUS940vNWhQRnJWg # World of Antiquity https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC64TYItcUS940vNWhQRnJWg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC67TJP9i84zbCi2h1aaSO6Q # Ringway Manchester https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC67TJP9i84zbCi2h1aaSO6Q
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC6FO-Up1-oLj5nNivCNHL-Q # Ryan Chapman https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC6FO-Up1-oLj5nNivCNHL-Q
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC6NY_nW0qjReE8MuctKxZWg # Joe Ryan https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC6NY_nW0qjReE8MuctKxZWg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC6QckhILSqdl3K0TWPWrDdg # My Tech Fun https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC6QckhILSqdl3K0TWPWrDdg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC6S5a3MQtr_PSWZxysXkOCg # Serious Eats https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC6S5a3MQtr_PSWZxysXkOCg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC6jj51m3SMKgcKuszVxpBAA # TheLastMillennial https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC6jj51m3SMKgcKuszVxpBAA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC6ktP3PLU5sAJxN9Rb0TALg # Mike Shake https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC6ktP3PLU5sAJxN9Rb0TALg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC7DdEm33SyaTDtWYGO2CwdA # Physics Girl https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC7DdEm33SyaTDtWYGO2CwdA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC7E8-0Ou69hwScPW1_fQApA # Sam Zeloof https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC7E8-0Ou69hwScPW1_fQApA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC7Hxh2arR-Eh_ijFFJfoRKQ # Food Lies https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC7Hxh2arR-Eh_ijFFJfoRKQ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC7M-Wz4zK8oikt6ATcoTwBA # Freya HolmÃ©r https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC7M-Wz4zK8oikt6ATcoTwBA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC7O6CntQoAI-wYyJxYiqNUg # Ihatetomatoes https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC7O6CntQoAI-wYyJxYiqNUg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC7XFmdssWgaPzGyGbKk8GaQ # Web DM https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC7XFmdssWgaPzGyGbKk8GaQ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC7aW7chIafJG6ECYAd3N5uQ # IBRACORP https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC7aW7chIafJG6ECYAd3N5uQ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC7gOSfPjZU6OPYPP1BZwTpA # The Amp Hour https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC7gOSfPjZU6OPYPP1BZwTpA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC7qPftDWPw9XuExpSgfkmJQ # Nostalgia Nerd https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC7qPftDWPw9XuExpSgfkmJQ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC7uHWFLx-zVkHxGfA4dbdFw # g0at https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC7uHWFLx-zVkHxGfA4dbdFw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC7x9bzl98b5JDPA7S17-NBQ # Entrepreneur Mastermind Podcast https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC7x9bzl98b5JDPA7S17-NBQ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC88tlMjiS7kf8uhPWyBTn_A # Captain Joe https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC88tlMjiS7kf8uhPWyBTn_A
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC8ENHE5xdFSwx71u3fDH5Xw # ThePrimeagen https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC8ENHE5xdFSwx71u3fDH5Xw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC8RfCCzWsMgNspTI-GTFenQ # Luetin09 https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC8RfCCzWsMgNspTI-GTFenQ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC8XjmAEDVZSCQjI150cb4QA # Knowing Better https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC8XjmAEDVZSCQjI150cb4QA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC8eNyF9eYwgr_K-Nl4gSHWw # Adam Ondra https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC8eNyF9eYwgr_K-Nl4gSHWw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC8fqt_PDhDDszL5Zi8EauqA # Terminal Passage https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC8fqt_PDhDDszL5Zi8EauqA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC8ge7La_vq48PVEmR-DJ5Wg # lftkryo https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC8ge7La_vq48PVEmR-DJ5Wg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC8n8ftV94ZU_DJLOLtrpORA # Code Explained https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC8n8ftV94ZU_DJLOLtrpORA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC8uT9cgJorJPWu7ITLGo9Ww # The 8-Bit Guy https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC8uT9cgJorJPWu7ITLGo9Ww
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC8w0ME4M1dlrByNVOTyH2mQ # All The Right Movies https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC8w0ME4M1dlrByNVOTyH2mQ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC8wIqZCt9h6uJbOBCQVuUmg # twoodfrd https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC8wIqZCt9h6uJbOBCQVuUmg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC9-y-6csu5WGm29I7JiwpnA # Computerphile https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC9-y-6csu5WGm29I7JiwpnA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC91V6D3nkhP89wUb9f_h17g # MeatCanyon https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC91V6D3nkhP89wUb9f_h17g
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC9BnGZLT4iPaJtDOXYwQuHQ # Primum Non Nocere https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC9BnGZLT4iPaJtDOXYwQuHQ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC9OIwUcx-Uss7xj7s1P5XGw # PensionCraft https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC9OIwUcx-Uss7xj7s1P5XGw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC9RM-iSvTu1uPJb8X5yp3EQ # Wendover Productions https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC9RM-iSvTu1uPJb8X5yp3EQ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC9SPN6qaM0DB455-DrWAdpA # ProfRobBob https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC9SPN6qaM0DB455-DrWAdpA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC9Tyxi96fEu0ho4mlxOEdOQ # Curtis Judd https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC9Tyxi96fEu0ho4mlxOEdOQ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC9Z0p8W-IvB_2K_cAQdf7bg # Ashton Gleckman https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC9Z0p8W-IvB_2K_cAQdf7bg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC9Zts-dkDz0DBZ_f8ETgHcQ # BrisJS https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC9Zts-dkDz0DBZ_f8ETgHcQ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC9aUgz_Lu41jDmOyY9cE5gA # LoomecyV2 https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC9aUgz_Lu41jDmOyY9cE5gA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC9evhW4JB_UdXSLeZGy8lGw # Raid Owl https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC9evhW4JB_UdXSLeZGy8lGw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC9pgQfOXRsp4UKrI8q0zjXQ # Lindybeige https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC9pgQfOXRsp4UKrI8q0zjXQ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC9rTsvTxJnx1DNrDA3Rqa6A # Dr. Trefor Bazett https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC9rTsvTxJnx1DNrDA3Rqa6A
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC9sXw4ZdPEIp6bYGvLW-_iA # vpro documentary https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC9sXw4ZdPEIp6bYGvLW-_iA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC9xpl8LyFRsKXASGHBBj_xQ # Building Integrity https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC9xpl8LyFRsKXASGHBBj_xQ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC9z7EZAbkphEMg0SP7rw44A # carykh https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC9z7EZAbkphEMg0SP7rw44A
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCA7LqFpF_Zlty4Yg2iGJppw # ReallyBigMonkey1 https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCA7LqFpF_Zlty4Yg2iGJppw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCADyUOnhyEoQqrw_RrsGleA # CSS-Tricks https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCADyUOnhyEoQqrw_RrsGleA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCAL3JXZSzSm8AlZyD3nQdBA # Primitive Technology https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCAL3JXZSzSm8AlZyD3nQdBA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCAPLyCPMWlJ0hZCS5-A8loA # Maiorianus https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCAPLyCPMWlJ0hZCS5-A8loA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCAWUhtGf0Y2bfkbFpNtfhPQ # stream_error https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCAWUhtGf0Y2bfkbFpNtfhPQ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCAXCE0MLOSTTkkOU1HTh_IA # Noah Samsen https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCAXCE0MLOSTTkkOU1HTh_IA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCAdRYsUa92IgHotq0lqWqjw # Amy Makes Stuff https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCAdRYsUa92IgHotq0lqWqjw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCAiDWnTP0WB1xCp6uuUo0VA # Acorn To Arabella https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCAiDWnTP0WB1xCp6uuUo0VA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCAiy7bY8nTQCWrkSRh6Wu9w # Un CrÃ©atif https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCAiy7bY8nTQCWrkSRh6Wu9w
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCB0KsBKlEcEUaNfd5ylQvCQ # Source Meets Sink https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCB0KsBKlEcEUaNfd5ylQvCQ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCB1eDEd1AYG3YrRIJSZzMOQ # Real Time History https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCB1eDEd1AYG3YrRIJSZzMOQ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCB4CG5PB7DCp4R4sxRqrRGQ # Distraction Bucket https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCB4CG5PB7DCp4R4sxRqrRGQ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCBLr7ISa_YDy5qeATupf26w # Algorithms Live! https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCBLr7ISa_YDy5qeATupf26w
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCBPLij8RWsQrMxl_bjk-R8w # dosdude1 https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCBPLij8RWsQrMxl_bjk-R8w
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCBTZEtFw_-eLa1Vb5LPiGMA # SithDev https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCBTZEtFw_-eLa1Vb5LPiGMA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCBZkl_NfpzVFaNeye4aPDAQ # OlympiaPsychology https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCBZkl_NfpzVFaNeye4aPDAQ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCBcljXmuXPok9kT_VGA3adg # Robert Baruch https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCBcljXmuXPok9kT_VGA3adg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCC0gns4a9fhVkGkngvSumAQ # Zsolt's Visual Personal Knowledge Management https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCC0gns4a9fhVkGkngvSumAQ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCC3ehuUksTyQ7bbjGntmx3Q # Perun https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCC3ehuUksTyQ7bbjGntmx3Q
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCC9zrtAkl6yY4dpcnWrCHjA # Prof. Dr. Jens Dittrich, Big Data Analytics https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCC9zrtAkl6yY4dpcnWrCHjA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCCWeRTgd79JL0ilH0ZywSJA # AlphaPhoenix https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCCWeRTgd79JL0ilH0ZywSJA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCCa794oAhys-HzkqdfmnjdQ # DigiDigger https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCCa794oAhys-HzkqdfmnjdQ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCCezIgC97PvUuR4_gbFUs5g # Corey Schafer https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCCezIgC97PvUuR4_gbFUs5g
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCCkSr3M8GXbS4txqPY7OMxQ # Edge Precision https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCCkSr3M8GXbS4txqPY7OMxQ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCCrnCItH17W-64FDzjwOi5w # The Science Elf https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCCrnCItH17W-64FDzjwOi5w
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCCuoqzrsHlwv1YyPKLuMDUQ # Jonathan Blow https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCCuoqzrsHlwv1YyPKLuMDUQ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCD0y51PJfvkZNe3y3FR5riw # Chyrosran22 https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCD0y51PJfvkZNe3y3FR5riw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCD5B6VoXv41fJ-IW8Wrhz9A # Fermilab https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCD5B6VoXv41fJ-IW8Wrhz9A
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCD7QUSiWc7QBP2XGRMGwjEg # Daniel Barenboim https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCD7QUSiWc7QBP2XGRMGwjEg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCDB-Sy9lw2R-muVoK8nE_BQ # Sick Animation https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCDB-Sy9lw2R-muVoK8nE_BQ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCDCHcqyeQgJ-jVSd6VJkbCw # codeSTACKr https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCDCHcqyeQgJ-jVSd6VJkbCw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCDIBBmkZIB2hjBsk1hUImdA # Jared Davidson https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCDIBBmkZIB2hjBsk1hUImdA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCDXTQ8nWmx_EhZ2v-kp7QxA # Ben Felix https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCDXTQ8nWmx_EhZ2v-kp7QxA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCDYNWrwZrn16T-jyTVwHYLg # Marsh Man Masson https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCDYNWrwZrn16T-jyTVwHYLg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCDbWmfrwmzn1ZsGgrYRUxoA # The Post Apocalyptic Inventor https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCDbWmfrwmzn1ZsGgrYRUxoA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCDh-MCltU7QCrFvXMt3p8jw # Benjamin Lupton https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCDh-MCltU7QCrFvXMt3p8jw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCDoJIpPvtEwFvfNXsZvCqKw # Xander Budnick https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCDoJIpPvtEwFvfNXsZvCqKw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCDrekHmOnkptxq3gUU0IyfA # Devon Crawford https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCDrekHmOnkptxq3gUU0IyfA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCE1jXbVAGJQEORz9nZqb5bQ # Ahoy https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCE1jXbVAGJQEORz9nZqb5bQ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCE4xstUnu0YmkG-W9_PyYrQ # Usagi Electric https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCE4xstUnu0YmkG-W9_PyYrQ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCE5dIscvDxrb7CD5uiJJOiw # Adrian's Digital Basement https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCE5dIscvDxrb7CD5uiJJOiw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCEBb1b_L6zDS3xTUrIALZOw # MIT OpenCourseWare https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCEBb1b_L6zDS3xTUrIALZOw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCEEQzq-81-YlCTErcCU5iYw # Dr. NEMO https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCEEQzq-81-YlCTErcCU5iYw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCEIwxahdLz7bap-VDs9h35A # Steve Mould https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCEIwxahdLz7bap-VDs9h35A
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCEOXxzW2vU0P-0THehuIIeg # Captain Disillusion https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCEOXxzW2vU0P-0THehuIIeg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCEUAPh73-aW33VT0ltJ1_0g # LMC97 https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCEUAPh73-aW33VT0ltJ1_0g
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCEWpbFLzoYGPfuWUMFPSaoA # The Organic Chemistry Tutor https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCEWpbFLzoYGPfuWUMFPSaoA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCE_LWXcsdp7cWbo4DR4ZA-A # Science de comptoir https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCE_LWXcsdp7cWbo4DR4ZA-A
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCEbYhDd6c6vngsF5PQpFVWg # Tsoding https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCEbYhDd6c6vngsF5PQpFVWg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCEhBM2x5MG9-e_JSOzU068w # Jorge Rodriguez https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCEhBM2x5MG9-e_JSOzU068w
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCEjBDKfrqQI4TgzT9YLNT8g # Ghost Town Living https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCEjBDKfrqQI4TgzT9YLNT8g
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCElybFZ60Hk1NSjgCf7I2sg # Eastory https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCElybFZ60Hk1NSjgCf7I2sg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCEmBUvaW0UhAbPz4IiscKgw # Jordan Louis Edmunds https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCEmBUvaW0UhAbPz4IiscKgw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCEn3fRj2e0mpqYsijxnzayg # Xyla Foxlin https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCEn3fRj2e0mpqYsijxnzayg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCErSSa3CaP_GJxmFpdjG9Jw # Lessons from the Screenplay https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCErSSa3CaP_GJxmFpdjG9Jw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCEvjiWkK2BoIH819T-buioQ # Mark Lewis https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCEvjiWkK2BoIH819T-buioQ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCF1fG3gT44nGTPU2sVLoFWg # Patrick (H) Willems https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCF1fG3gT44nGTPU2sVLoFWg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCF2--qZa8pg-GZtjriDmE_g # TheReelHilarySue https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCF2--qZa8pg-GZtjriDmE_g
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCF3cDM_hQMtIEJvEW1BZugg # Ivan Miranda https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCF3cDM_hQMtIEJvEW1BZugg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCF4kPRXfuoKj0ZS8hhp6onA # Style is Substance https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCF4kPRXfuoKj0ZS8hhp6onA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCFQ6Gptuq-sLflbJ4YY3Umw # Rebel Wisdom https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCFQ6Gptuq-sLflbJ4YY3Umw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCFR-QlAx0qFHN9-QmcrpHnQ # Pezzza's Work https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCFR-QlAx0qFHN9-QmcrpHnQ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCFaYLR_1aryjfB7hLrKGRaQ # Michael Sugrue https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCFaYLR_1aryjfB7hLrKGRaQ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCFe6jenM1Bc54qtBsIJGRZQ # patrickJMT https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCFe6jenM1Bc54qtBsIJGRZQ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCFhXFikryT4aFcLkLw2LBLA # NileRed https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCFhXFikryT4aFcLkLw2LBLA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCFrjdcImgcQVyFbK04MBEhA # Brandon Foltz https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCFrjdcImgcQVyFbK04MBEhA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCG1h-Wqjtwz7uUANw6gazRw # Lindsay Ellis https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCG1h-Wqjtwz7uUANw6gazRw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCG39iIqfeD8d8YBgMqdYauw # Professor Skye's Record Review https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCG39iIqfeD8d8YBgMqdYauw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCG6tBbWzY_ZR4_rd72vp6CA # Alliterative https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCG6tBbWzY_ZR4_rd72vp6CA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCG7yIWtVwcENg_ZS-nahg5g # CNLohr https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCG7yIWtVwcENg_ZS-nahg5g
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCGFhjJI2t75REft9Koxp3rg # OptWhiz https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCGFhjJI2t75REft9Koxp3rg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCGHZpIpAWJQ-Jy_CeCdXhMA # Cool Worlds https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCGHZpIpAWJQ-Jy_CeCdXhMA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCGMyyn2FdEFcDfP1wQRh5lQ # Erindale https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCGMyyn2FdEFcDfP1wQRh5lQ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCGcOrQ_IW4TYcdF5M1pRchA # vswitchzero https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCGcOrQ_IW4TYcdF5M1pRchA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCGoxKRfTs0jQP52cfHCyyRQ # MITCBMM https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCGoxKRfTs0jQP52cfHCyyRQ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCGp4u0WHLsK8OAxnvwiTyhA # British PathÃ© https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCGp4u0WHLsK8OAxnvwiTyhA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCGq3OyOoLPYj4Oyk1DWnKxQ # Railways Explained https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCGq3OyOoLPYj4Oyk1DWnKxQ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCGrpLw1W3P1_BC4J-Hpytww # tim hunkin https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCGrpLw1W3P1_BC4J-Hpytww
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCH9Upwx0Bvoy7Tkj4JGaKnw # T B Skyen https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCH9Upwx0Bvoy7Tkj4JGaKnw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCHJBoCDxaCTRrwCHXEBA-BA # Mady Morrison https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCHJBoCDxaCTRrwCHXEBA-BA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCHKRfxkMTqiiv4pF99qGKIw # Geographics https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCHKRfxkMTqiiv4pF99qGKIw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCHL9bfHTxCMi-7vfxQ-AYtg # Abroad in Japan https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCHL9bfHTxCMi-7vfxQ-AYtg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCHRXYmO1vdp-Bi1-w11R7WQ # 2STROKE STUFFING https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCHRXYmO1vdp-Bi1-w11R7WQ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCHS55yDvORmCpbM_3vNQQsQ # Michael Rechtin https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCHS55yDvORmCpbM_3vNQQsQ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCHkYrJ2Fbe7pBjEZvkFzi3A # Mr. Chickadee https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCHkYrJ2Fbe7pBjEZvkFzi3A
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCHnBsf2rH-K7pn09rb3qvkA # CMU Database Group https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCHnBsf2rH-K7pn09rb3qvkA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCHnK83dqyPvFo6GX0rCwn8A # apetor https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCHnK83dqyPvFo6GX0rCwn8A
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCI2xq9OXUSbQGb3GdKx_ixg # Graduate Mathematics https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCI2xq9OXUSbQGb3GdKx_ixg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCIAmdxvgfnIEZnyQSiqgVgQ # Keenan Crane https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCIAmdxvgfnIEZnyQSiqgVgQ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCIBgYfDjtWlbJhg--Z4sOgQ # Garry Tan https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCIBgYfDjtWlbJhg--Z4sOgQ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCILl8ozWuxnFYXIe2svjHhg # BPS.space https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCILl8ozWuxnFYXIe2svjHhg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCIMRGVXufHT69s1uaHHYJIA # Les Jackson https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCIMRGVXufHT69s1uaHHYJIA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCIWu-Sm1ywDVjqyHvku6peg # Primm's Hood Cinema https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCIWu-Sm1ywDVjqyHvku6peg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCIZ5ZOeiXYbmKTl_85ghNPw # Physics Explained https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCIZ5ZOeiXYbmKTl_85ghNPw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCIg1fGP1uK63IFgHEOcYk0g # Raanvata https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCIg1fGP1uK63IFgHEOcYk0g
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCIgKGGJkt1MrNmhq3vRibYA # NurdRage https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCIgKGGJkt1MrNmhq3vRibYA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCIoNgwHpavUi2UnC68cKgbw # Marshall McGee https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCIoNgwHpavUi2UnC68cKgbw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCIu2Fj4x_VMn2dgSB1bFyQA # Dylan Tallchief https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCIu2Fj4x_VMn2dgSB1bFyQA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCJ6q9Ie29ajGqKApbLqfBOg # Black Hat https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCJ6q9Ie29ajGqKApbLqfBOg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCJLZe_NoiG0hT7QCX_9vmqw # I did a thing https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCJLZe_NoiG0hT7QCX_9vmqw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCJOh5FKisc0hUlEeWFBlD-w # jan Misali https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCJOh5FKisc0hUlEeWFBlD-w
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCJOiqToQ7kiakqTLE7Hdd5g # Early Music Sources https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCJOiqToQ7kiakqTLE7Hdd5g
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCJUmE61LxhbhudzUugHL2wQ # Mehul - Codedamn https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCJUmE61LxhbhudzUugHL2wQ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCJYJgj7rzsn0vdR7fkgjuIA # styropyro https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCJYJgj7rzsn0vdR7fkgjuIA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCJZTjBlrnDHYmf0F-eYXA3Q # Self Sufficient Me https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCJZTjBlrnDHYmf0F-eYXA3Q
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCJZV6sai-juDs4zAbAMVhfA # Eco Gecko https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCJZV6sai-juDs4zAbAMVhfA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCJbPGzawDH1njbqV-D5HqKw # thenewboston https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCJbPGzawDH1njbqV-D5HqKw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCJkMlOu7faDgqh4PfzbpLdg # Nerdwriter1 https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCJkMlOu7faDgqh4PfzbpLdg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCJq6AEgtWeZt7ziQ-fLKOeA # Prismic https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCJq6AEgtWeZt7ziQ-fLKOeA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCK8XIGR5kRidIw2fWqwyHRA # Reducible https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCK8XIGR5kRidIw2fWqwyHRA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCKH_4hkRSyUSHDIFMzlGCRA # FOOD &amp; WINE https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCKH_4hkRSyUSHDIFMzlGCRA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCKH_iLhhkTyt8Dk4dmeCQ9w # Illinois EnergyProf https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCKH_iLhhkTyt8Dk4dmeCQ9w
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCKMnl27hDMKvch--noWe5CA # Cogito https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCKMnl27hDMKvch--noWe5CA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCKOvOaJv4GK-oDqx-sj7VVg # Chubbyemu https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCKOvOaJv4GK-oDqx-sj7VVg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCKTehwyGCKF-b2wo0RKwrcg # Bisqwit https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCKTehwyGCKF-b2wo0RKwrcg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCKU5nwSWYXa3xfXGBlKyvdw # Necroware https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCKU5nwSWYXa3xfXGBlKyvdw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCKjDY4joMPcoRMmd-G1yz1Q # C'est une autre histoire https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCKjDY4joMPcoRMmd-G1yz1Q
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCKxRARSpahF1Mt-2vbPug-g # The Signal Path https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCKxRARSpahF1Mt-2vbPug-g
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCKzJFdi57J53Vr_BkTfN3uQ # Primer https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCKzJFdi57J53Vr_BkTfN3uQ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCL-IWPkXQn3JYYYsPnpGlIg # DocMikeEvans https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCL-IWPkXQn3JYYYsPnpGlIg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCL5kBJmBUVFLYBDiSiK1VDw # The Cinema Cartography https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCL5kBJmBUVFLYBDiSiK1VDw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCLXDNUOO3EQ80VmD9nQBHPg # Fouloscopie https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCLXDNUOO3EQ80VmD9nQBHPg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCLXV9vzJwgYOyGaZlD89VfA # DEBOSS GARAGE https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCLXV9vzJwgYOyGaZlD89VfA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCLfMmOriSyPbd5JhHpnj4Ng # TimeGhost History https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCLfMmOriSyPbd5JhHpnj4Ng
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCLiAWVcnE7FXLcrX5e5QHWQ # StarrTile https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCLiAWVcnE7FXLcrX5e5QHWQ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCLsMRd097KLJMvkNzC4rYAA # Antune https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCLsMRd097KLJMvkNzC4rYAA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCLsj_Re3SxtkbZfX_ypY1eQ # ìë¦¬ë¸ìSuriNoel https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCLsj_Re3SxtkbZfX_ypY1eQ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCM3S0kFQHqj76dN7pVk3bDA # Omo Child https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCM3S0kFQHqj76dN7pVk3bDA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCM42XWqRoruK6bNkgbgoJMw # DisneyResearchHub https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCM42XWqRoruK6bNkgbgoJMw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCMFcMhePnH4onVHt2-ItPZw # HygiÃ¨ne Mentale https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCMFcMhePnH4onVHt2-ItPZw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCMLgHbpJ8qYqj3CkdbvC0Ww # Fran Blanche https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCMLgHbpJ8qYqj3CkdbvC0Ww
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCMLtBahI5DMrt0NPvDSoIRQ # Machine Learning Street Talk https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCMLtBahI5DMrt0NPvDSoIRQ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCMSmy7qF24q4f_y6L86zNMA # Dominic Tarr https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCMSmy7qF24q4f_y6L86zNMA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCMjMBMGt0WJQLeluw6qNJuA # PyCon US https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCMjMBMGt0WJQLeluw6qNJuA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCMjTcpv56G_W0FRIdPHBn4A # Biblaridion https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCMjTcpv56G_W0FRIdPHBn4A
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCMk_WSPy3EE16aK5HLzCJzw # NativLang https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCMk_WSPy3EE16aK5HLzCJzw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCMlGfpWw-RUdWX_JbLCukXg # CppCon https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCMlGfpWw-RUdWX_JbLCukXg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCMo28ATCDU0Kn9dpilAF79Q # Simon HÃ¸iberg https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCMo28ATCDU0Kn9dpilAF79Q
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCMrMVIBtqFW6O0-MWq26gqw # my mechanics https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCMrMVIBtqFW6O0-MWq26gqw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCN1Ew9bj3uc59nwZ2M5beSw # GxAce https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCN1Ew9bj3uc59nwZ2M5beSw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCN5CBM1NkqDYAHgS-AbgGHA # Oh The Urbanity! https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCN5CBM1NkqDYAHgS-AbgGHA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCN66Pz78qCMzGa1eNdBxWfQ # Jackson Kelley https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCN66Pz78qCMzGa1eNdBxWfQ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCNCqPCEI1kkQEpaFUM9ieYg # Millis Construction https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCNCqPCEI1kkQEpaFUM9ieYg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCNIuvl7V8zACPpTmmNIqP2A # OverSimplified https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCNIuvl7V8zACPpTmmNIqP2A
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCNOVwMpD-5A1xzcQGbIHNeA # Design Doc https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCNOVwMpD-5A1xzcQGbIHNeA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCNQsm_PPL5jZhcuoowPZDQA # OER Project https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCNQsm_PPL5jZhcuoowPZDQA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCNSoT26yvtQi2OIX3wX1azA # Science &amp; Cocktails https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCNSoT26yvtQi2OIX3wX1azA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCNbqa_9xihC8yaV2o6dlsUg # Security Now https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCNbqa_9xihC8yaV2o6dlsUg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCNc-Wa_ZNBAGzFkYbAHw9eg # interviewing.io https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCNc-Wa_ZNBAGzFkYbAHw9eg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCNdTff8DTIMuykIEFPtPL9g # WorldwideRailfan https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCNdTff8DTIMuykIEFPtPL9g
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCNgudhx2s_ubmiA2L_2NMmg # Defakator Vite Fait https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCNgudhx2s_ubmiA2L_2NMmg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCNmv0SUwrOkEqadKneNRwHg # Niki Proshin https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCNmv0SUwrOkEqadKneNRwHg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCNvsIonJdJ5E4EXMa65VYpA # ContraPoints https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCNvsIonJdJ5E4EXMa65VYpA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCO3LEtymiLrgvpb59cNsb8A # The Go Programming Language https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCO3LEtymiLrgvpb59cNsb8A
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCOKHwx1VCdgnxwbjyb9Iu1g # Blender Guru https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCOKHwx1VCdgnxwbjyb9Iu1g
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCOk-gHyjcWZNj3Br4oxwh0A # Techno Tim https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCOk-gHyjcWZNj3Br4oxwh0A
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCOluHMoKJ6CrS0kcybhaThg # Burrfection https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCOluHMoKJ6CrS0kcybhaThg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCOywIdppbhn6hkgcEtDMatg # Brian Oltrogge https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCOywIdppbhn6hkgcEtDMatg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCOzuch8oW61hVYffbQ-upWw # Lines That Connect https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCOzuch8oW61hVYffbQ-upWw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCP3alkHEJhoxTpy3iVON-lg # Physics with Elliot https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCP3alkHEJhoxTpy3iVON-lg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCP5tjEmvPItGyLhmjdwP7Ww # RealLifeLore https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCP5tjEmvPItGyLhmjdwP7Ww
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCP66nnrsoxc01bZEh1UKEFQ # Frothy https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCP66nnrsoxc01bZEh1UKEFQ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCPZvrtffxEZ7KZQ9dYCG0xg # Carver Mead https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCPZvrtffxEZ7KZQ9dYCG0xg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCPdaxSov0mgwh77JvjQO2jQ # Man Carrying Thing https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCPdaxSov0mgwh77JvjQO2jQ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCPfBqZQ2P8NqY7puxYzirtw # Afrorack https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCPfBqZQ2P8NqY7puxYzirtw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCPjp41qeXe1o_lp1US9TpWA # iPad Rehab Microsoldering &amp; Data Recovery https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCPjp41qeXe1o_lp1US9TpWA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCPkobzBsAIjpItonUT7AU9Q # Bevry Podcast https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCPkobzBsAIjpItonUT7AU9Q
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCQ-W1KE9EYfdxhL6S4twUNw # The Cherno https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCQ-W1KE9EYfdxhL6S4twUNw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCQ2NOFrvC9O1WH-SWHyIYVw # Rebecca Weaver https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCQ2NOFrvC9O1WH-SWHyIYVw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCQ3ztZlbhR9RT09d4HAaVMA # juliaplaysgroove https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCQ3ztZlbhR9RT09d4HAaVMA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCQ9STd0zeHrrQGJQEuvhuTw # Bismuth https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCQ9STd0zeHrrQGJQEuvhuTw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCQBQeWDycPczq1zril7hHHg # Polylog https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCQBQeWDycPczq1zril7hHHg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCQI-Ym2rLZx52vEoqlPQMdg # Coder's Tape https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCQI-Ym2rLZx52vEoqlPQMdg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCQak2_fXZ_9yXI5vB_Kd54g # DiodeGoneWild https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCQak2_fXZ_9yXI5vB_Kd54g
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCQmUmqrMGfnesNpdL7T282Q # Gospel in Life https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCQmUmqrMGfnesNpdL7T282Q
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCQoaCXh2vU2_qeUDt25LY-Q # Paleo Analysis https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCQoaCXh2vU2_qeUDt25LY-Q
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCQvq-0fss4lNrmIz7gcPLtQ # HowNOT2 https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCQvq-0fss4lNrmIz7gcPLtQ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCR1IuLEqb6UEA_zQ81kwXfg # Real Engineering https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCR1IuLEqb6UEA_zQ81kwXfg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCR4s1DE9J4DHzZYXMltSMAg # HowToBasic https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCR4s1DE9J4DHzZYXMltSMAg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCR9j1jqqB5Rse69wjUnbYwA # All About AI https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCR9j1jqqB5Rse69wjUnbYwA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCRDQEDxAVuxcsyeEoOpSoRA # Mark Furneaux https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCRDQEDxAVuxcsyeEoOpSoRA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCRLEADhMcb8WUdnQ5_Alk7g # Aaron Jack https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCRLEADhMcb8WUdnQ5_Alk7g
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCRRTfkRDKqsI9FSXP1sc4kw # Terabit Lab https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCRRTfkRDKqsI9FSXP1sc4kw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCRWodrIDrJJFXSf9y5Y5hyw # Slador https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCRWodrIDrJJFXSf9y5Y5hyw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCRYhCg0DHloE9gn-PAiAYNg # deep cuts https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCRYhCg0DHloE9gn-PAiAYNg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCRfo-DAifrP3lzcxUHtGm_A # Tom Rocks Maths https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCRfo-DAifrP3lzcxUHtGm_A
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCRhV1rWIpm_pU19bBm_2RXw # Sean Carroll https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCRhV1rWIpm_pU19bBm_2RXw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCRxAgfYexGLlu1WHGIMUDqw # JunsKitchen https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCRxAgfYexGLlu1WHGIMUDqw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCRxWW_Ncs308nW4An23Yeig # Simple Programmer https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCRxWW_Ncs308nW4An23Yeig
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCS0N5baNlQWJCUrhCEo8WlA # Ben Eater https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCS0N5baNlQWJCUrhCEo8WlA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCS4FAVeYW_IaZqAbqhlvxlA # Context Free https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCS4FAVeYW_IaZqAbqhlvxlA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCSBspfcqX5QuK4XBLsh1rLw # 0033mer https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCSBspfcqX5QuK4XBLsh1rLw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCSJbGtTlrDami-tDGPUV9-w # Academind https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCSJbGtTlrDami-tDGPUV9-w
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCSPLhwvj0gBufjDRzSQb3GQ # BobbyBroccoli https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCSPLhwvj0gBufjDRzSQb3GQ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCSWMraguMlNanVQgseTTr_Q # f4mi https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCSWMraguMlNanVQgseTTr_Q
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCS_7tplUgzJG4DhA16re5Yg # Balade Mentale https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCS_7tplUgzJG4DhA16re5Yg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCSb-xYOELhIqVr2n9s-b_4w # Linus Boman https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCSb-xYOELhIqVr2n9s-b_4w
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCSdma21fnJzgmPodhC9SJ3g # NakeyJakey https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCSdma21fnJzgmPodhC9SJ3g
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCShHFwKyhcDo3g7hr4f1R8A # World Science Festival https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCShHFwKyhcDo3g7hr4f1R8A
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCSju5G2aFaWMqn-_0YBtq5A # Stand-up Maths https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCSju5G2aFaWMqn-_0YBtq5A
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCSkzHxIcfoEr69MWBdo0ppg # Jonas Äeika - CCK Philosophy https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCSkzHxIcfoEr69MWBdo0ppg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCSvdee86uThqIrloZjWwNVg # Mike Patey https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCSvdee86uThqIrloZjWwNVg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCSwwoUNvQWgZDC8a_O6Qs_A # Kaz Rowe https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCSwwoUNvQWgZDC8a_O6Qs_A
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCT6Y5JJPKe_JDMivpKgVXew # Fall of Civilizations https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCT6Y5JJPKe_JDMivpKgVXew
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCTBGXCJHORQjivtgtMsmkAQ # Steve Griffith - Prof3ssorSt3v3 https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCTBGXCJHORQjivtgtMsmkAQ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCTG_vrRdKYfrpqCv_WV4eyA # Ten Minute Physics https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCTG_vrRdKYfrpqCv_WV4eyA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCTIoOLzT1jbxAcPW99xn0zQ # James Gurney https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCTIoOLzT1jbxAcPW99xn0zQ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCTSWebmSKFeq9iGuT_Kl-SA # Mars Guy https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCTSWebmSKFeq9iGuT_Kl-SA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCTUtqcDkzw7bisadh6AOx5w # 12tone https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCTUtqcDkzw7bisadh6AOx5w
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCTjmLCEVb9r1OpFDJMMWyIw # StezStix Fix? https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCTjmLCEVb9r1OpFDJMMWyIw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCTpmmkp1E4nmZqWPS-dl5bg # Quanta Magazine https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCTpmmkp1E4nmZqWPS-dl5bg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCU0FhLr6fr7U9GOn6OiQHpQ # DEFAKATOR https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCU0FhLr6fr7U9GOn6OiQHpQ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCU22SYUm7Z1COjASmmQG1aA # Potential History https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCU22SYUm7Z1COjASmmQG1aA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCU5adS8d-YX7GbJcnH0x6uA # SuperfastMatt https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCU5adS8d-YX7GbJcnH0x6uA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCU9SoQxJewrWb_3GxeteQPA # Mr Carlson's Lab https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCU9SoQxJewrWb_3GxeteQPA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCUHW94eEFW7hkUMVaZz4eDg # minutephysics https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCUHW94eEFW7hkUMVaZz4eDg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCUICU6mgcyGy61pojwuWyHA # Andrew Kelley https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCUICU6mgcyGy61pojwuWyHA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCUQo7nzH1sXVpzL92VesANw # DIY Perks https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCUQo7nzH1sXVpzL92VesANw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCUR1pFG_3XoZn3JNKjulqZg # thoughtbot https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCUR1pFG_3XoZn3JNKjulqZg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCUSck1dOH7VKmG4lRW7tZXg # gingerBill https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCUSck1dOH7VKmG4lRW7tZXg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCUVwT8zcS5Z_rYXnpomlbfg # Dan Davis History https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCUVwT8zcS5Z_rYXnpomlbfg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCUW49KGPezggFi0PGyDvcvg # Zack Freedman https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCUW49KGPezggFi0PGyDvcvg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCUXW4gT27TOaDzKFyN-1tXQ # Major Hardware https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCUXW4gT27TOaDzKFyN-1tXQ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCUaTRF8LDgE6rQoduLWsErA # Coding Explained https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCUaTRF8LDgE6rQoduLWsErA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCUcfU0Kuv8niOazZohyetZg # Hodges U https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCUcfU0Kuv8niOazZohyetZg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCUcyEsEjhPEDf69RRVhRh4A # The Great War https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCUcyEsEjhPEDf69RRVhRh4A
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCUk0AvSMU5CJ0wUqJf9TX8g # Coleman Hughes https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCUk0AvSMU5CJ0wUqJf9TX8g
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCUkRj4qoT1bsWpE_C8lZYoQ # ThinMatrix https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCUkRj4qoT1bsWpE_C8lZYoQ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCUkyyRJdVdXFmBuxPLFYmPw # K boges https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCUkyyRJdVdXFmBuxPLFYmPw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCUzQJ3JBuQ9w-po4TXRJHiA # jdh https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCUzQJ3JBuQ9w-po4TXRJHiA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCV0qA-eDDICsRR9rPcnG7tw # Joma Tech https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCV0qA-eDDICsRR9rPcnG7tw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCV6uM3y-8TeO7JlCtcEN-Bg # ScienceClic https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCV6uM3y-8TeO7JlCtcEN-Bg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCV7OupzIpYe9oIn_QSlyfJw # econimate https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCV7OupzIpYe9oIn_QSlyfJw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCVI8Mfisni3GaobL1e2JOIQ # Inheritance Machining https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCVI8Mfisni3GaobL1e2JOIQ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCVNCa8owLxvzOeRcJOieu6w # CampJS https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCVNCa8owLxvzOeRcJOieu6w
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCVQa3eDp9rFpKw3LZ3AsMCg # Um, Actually https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCVQa3eDp9rFpKw3LZ3AsMCg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCVSHXNNBitaPd5lYz48--yg # Tech Ingredients https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCVSHXNNBitaPd5lYz48--yg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCVTlvUkGslCV_h-nSAId8Sw # LearnCode.academy https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCVTlvUkGslCV_h-nSAId8Sw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCVVAnxQ2YMC_qlc7QfPA2YQ # AlmazanKitchen https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCVVAnxQ2YMC_qlc7QfPA2YQ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCVfdR37RuXXaDHue5XHus3g # CVP https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCVfdR37RuXXaDHue5XHus3g
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCVkLc2_C-_2DbkAtPoUJWVA # Wylieâs Art and Science of Boxing https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCVkLc2_C-_2DbkAtPoUJWVA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCVovvq34gd0ps5cVYNZrc7A # Explosions&amp;Fire https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCVovvq34gd0ps5cVYNZrc7A
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCVryWqJ4cSlbTSETBHpBUWw # Philâs Lab https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCVryWqJ4cSlbTSETBHpBUWw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCW6MNdOsqv2E9AjQkv9we7A # PwnFunction https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCW6MNdOsqv2E9AjQkv9we7A
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCWEHue8kksIaktO8KTTN_zg # CodingEntrepreneurs https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCWEHue8kksIaktO8KTTN_zg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCWMaOB-Wxb1pbayjkOZn2iA # Jennies Garage https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCWMaOB-Wxb1pbayjkOZn2iA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCWOkEnBl5TO4SCLfSlosjgg # Pat Condell https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCWOkEnBl5TO4SCLfSlosjgg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCWnPjmqvljcafA0z2U1fwKQ # Confreaks https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCWnPjmqvljcafA0z2U1fwKQ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCWnlQMQ-ACfhpD68yWRsnJw # Tod's Workshop https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCWnlQMQ-ACfhpD68yWRsnJw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCWoSKWs8h6lFdiEDAjuIfpA # Displaced Gamers https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCWoSKWs8h6lFdiEDAjuIfpA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCWqr2tH3dPshNhPjV5h1xRw # Super Bunnyhop https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCWqr2tH3dPshNhPjV5h1xRw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCWr0mx597DnSGLFk1WfvSkQ # Hallden https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCWr0mx597DnSGLFk1WfvSkQ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCWu6SQmC6nAZ-reuj3lF2eQ # Entagma https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCWu6SQmC6nAZ-reuj3lF2eQ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCWv7vMbMWH4-V0ZXdmDpPBA # Programming with Mosh https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCWv7vMbMWH4-V0ZXdmDpPBA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCWvq4kcdNI1r1jZKFw9TiUA # ScienceClic English https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCWvq4kcdNI1r1jZKFw9TiUA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCX3eufnI7A2I7IkKHZn8KSQ # Joshua Bardwell https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCX3eufnI7A2I7IkKHZn8KSQ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCXNeUcG4KpZaYUgYJvgN9tg # CodeOps Show https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCXNeUcG4KpZaYUgYJvgN9tg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCXgNowiGxwwnLeQ7DXTwXPg # The Science Asylum https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCXgNowiGxwwnLeQ7DXTwXPg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCXn5kgzdBaQYY-nXxbJkCLQ # Being Skilled https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCXn5kgzdBaQYY-nXxbJkCLQ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCXnNibvR_YIdyPs8PZIBoEw # Cathode Ray Dude - CRD https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCXnNibvR_YIdyPs8PZIBoEw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCXuU9AyEyTVQbckeEJox-6A # Chesscom Community https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCXuU9AyEyTVQbckeEJox-6A
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCY49qwPfCK4cPJvM1vDRmOQ # French'd https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCY49qwPfCK4cPJvM1vDRmOQ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCYA1VjSKXgNVh03wjw_HSRA # Dan Gelbart https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCYA1VjSKXgNVh03wjw_HSRA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCYAm24PkejQR2xMgJgn7xwg # Stewart Hicks https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCYAm24PkejQR2xMgJgn7xwg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCYMfih5kUr2FlB1W7Nvikvw # NC Bassin https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCYMfih5kUr2FlB1W7Nvikvw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA # Brackeys https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCYnvxJ-PKiGXo_tYXpWAC-w # Micode https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCYnvxJ-PKiGXo_tYXpWAC-w
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCYt1sfh5464XaDBH0oH_o7Q # Java Brains https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCYt1sfh5464XaDBH0oH_o7Q
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCYzocrbgFApPAGhq7PAw9Gw # AmCan Tech https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCYzocrbgFApPAGhq7PAw9Gw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCZ1wkNnjD06gYLeDFRW7hNQ # Kirk Giordano plastering Inc. https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCZ1wkNnjD06gYLeDFRW7hNQ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCZ8_-dTIxnLOLt3jfH5XHJw # Broken Record Podcast https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCZ8_-dTIxnLOLt3jfH5XHJw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCZB6V9fUov0Mx_us3MWWILg # People Make Games https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCZB6V9fUov0Mx_us3MWWILg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCZM8XQjNOyG2ElPpEUtNasA # EatTheBlocks https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCZM8XQjNOyG2ElPpEUtNasA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCZNhwA1B5YqiY1nLzmM0ZRg # Christian Lempa https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCZNhwA1B5YqiY1nLzmM0ZRg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCZUyPT9DkJWmS_DzdOi7RIA # Caleb Curry https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCZUyPT9DkJWmS_DzdOi7RIA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCZVjCmJOQRpAQ_EruAIPqXg # Simons Foundation https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCZVjCmJOQRpAQ_EruAIPqXg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCZaU6hJDJKkxvESXMPyUMSg # Jason Dornstar https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCZaU6hJDJKkxvESXMPyUMSg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCZdQjaSoLjIzFnWsDQOv4ww # Sailing La Vagabonde https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCZdQjaSoLjIzFnWsDQOv4ww
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCZem9C5rWjSb0B8tV3k2EZg # Torque Test Channel https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCZem9C5rWjSb0B8tV3k2EZg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCZj3jU2do5h3Ad0n00acenQ # Aleksander Woronicki https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCZj3jU2do5h3Ad0n00acenQ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCZmLImmlPFbajiTcxHC9I6Q # Steven Massicotte https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCZmLImmlPFbajiTcxHC9I6Q
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC_7BpJ5krodZJGERJ9JPNjQ # Eyebrow Cinema https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC_7BpJ5krodZJGERJ9JPNjQ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC_HZvxzC_PWvRKoFznYOfYw # ÐÐ ÐÐÐÐ,Ð¡ÐÐÐ ÐÐ ÐÐÐ®ÐÐÐÐÐ¯. ÐÐ²Ð³ÐµÐ½Ð¸Ð¹ ÐÐ²Ð°Ð½Ð¾Ð² https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC_HZvxzC_PWvRKoFznYOfYw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC_IaBSHmisYbiYlv32EeNkQ # Tom S https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC_IaBSHmisYbiYlv32EeNkQ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC_ML5xP23TOWKUcc-oAE_Eg # Hussein Nasser https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC_ML5xP23TOWKUcc-oAE_Eg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC_QIfHvN9auy2CoOdSfMWDw # Strange Loop Conference https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC_QIfHvN9auy2CoOdSfMWDw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC_SvYP0k05UKiJ_2ndB02IA # blackpenredpen https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC_SvYP0k05UKiJ_2ndB02IA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC_aOteuWIY8ITg7DQQspG1g # History of the Earth https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC_aOteuWIY8ITg7DQQspG1g
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC_iD0xppBwwsrM9DegC5cQQ # Jon Gjengset https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC_iD0xppBwwsrM9DegC5cQQ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC_msctwlIh2cwM8yAtaju1A # Nick Sibicky https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC_msctwlIh2cwM8yAtaju1A
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCa4j3b1tp6onVeVQenLR0Nw # FriendlyWire https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCa4j3b1tp6onVeVQenLR0Nw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCa6eh7gCkpPo5XXUDfygQQA # IppSec https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCa6eh7gCkpPo5XXUDfygQQA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCa8VCGFAY0yjDrexYFeVoYg # Spikima Movies https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCa8VCGFAY0yjDrexYFeVoYg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCaEgw3321ct_PE4PJvdhXEQ # scanlime https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCaEgw3321ct_PE4PJvdhXEQ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCaRzHWZf3VJX5jEtTRHp7CQ # MaxBrix https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCaRzHWZf3VJX5jEtTRHp7CQ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCaTznQhurW5AaiYPbhEA-KA # Molly Rocket https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCaTznQhurW5AaiYPbhEA-KA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCaXh9z3or5QbM0HPGen2Quw # TodePond https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCaXh9z3or5QbM0HPGen2Quw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCaZRpfXzlHVchIJMpf-PVFw # Sci+ https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCaZRpfXzlHVchIJMpf-PVFw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCai8hzr9SPcdIcfGs1VUd0g # é«æ¨åãå­  ã´ã¡ã¤ãªãªã³ãã£ã³ãã« https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCai8hzr9SPcdIcfGs1VUd0g
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCaiL2GDNpLYH6Wokkk1VNcg # mCoding https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCaiL2GDNpLYH6Wokkk1VNcg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCasG9kJWi1eVxM0QkyqKVJQ # Hand Tool Rescue https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCasG9kJWi1eVxM0QkyqKVJQ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCash6vxr1eNi5r_JsihPD_g # Tara Mooknee https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCash6vxr1eNi5r_JsihPD_g
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCb8Rde3uRL1ohROUVg46h1A # Made with Layers (Thomas Sanladerer) https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCb8Rde3uRL1ohROUVg46h1A
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCbAn7pVK2VIyo-UysfWGdZQ # uidotdev https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCbAn7pVK2VIyo-UysfWGdZQ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCbGZKLIHpox2l0whz6_RYyg # techsith https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCbGZKLIHpox2l0whz6_RYyg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCbNpPBMvCHr-TeJkkezog7Q # David Beazley https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCbNpPBMvCHr-TeJkkezog7Q
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCbWcXB0PoqOsAvAdfzWMf0w # Fredrik Knudsen (Down the Rabbit Hole) https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCbWcXB0PoqOsAvAdfzWMf0w
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCb_sF2m3-2azOqeNEdMwQPw # Matthewmatosis https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCb_sF2m3-2azOqeNEdMwQPw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCbbQalJ4OaC0oQ0AqRaOJ9g # Jay Foreman https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCbbQalJ4OaC0oQ0AqRaOJ9g
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCbbsW7_Esx8QZ8PgJ13pGxw # We're In Hell https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCbbsW7_Esx8QZ8PgJ13pGxw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCbhl9yTKO6685Ssam0hXTCw # History Gone Wilder | Have History Will Travel https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCbhl9yTKO6685Ssam0hXTCw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCbmBY_XYZqCa2G0XmFA7ZWg # Alessandro âAlecadddâ Castellani https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCbmBY_XYZqCa2G0XmFA7ZWg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCbmxZRQk-X0p-TOxd6PEYJA # IanHubert https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCbmxZRQk-X0p-TOxd6PEYJA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCc1ufNROdAxto9Fr0jnEE2Q # Advoko MAKES https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCc1ufNROdAxto9Fr0jnEE2Q
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCcAlTqd9zID6aNX3TzwxJXg # The Art of Code https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCcAlTqd9zID6aNX3TzwxJXg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCcGlif61mMV6soFSiN2QHoQ # The Kino Corner https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCcGlif61mMV6soFSiN2QHoQ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCcHuNKYzVMc06FXqsBEAV3A # Jago Hazzard https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCcHuNKYzVMc06FXqsBEAV3A
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCcRdUHUuBqU9uCsEuG39Nmg # Will Schoder https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCcRdUHUuBqU9uCsEuG39Nmg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCcbu9qaBn3MNFYr96mbg72w # Kimberly Brehm https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCcbu9qaBn3MNFYr96mbg72w
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCcdCkJKXlRoXVD03eo-q8mQ # Jackson Gabbard https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCcdCkJKXlRoXVD03eo-q8mQ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCchpiPYTBEg4DpK6mKfYi2A # grayfurnaceman https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCchpiPYTBEg4DpK6mKfYi2A
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCckETVOT59aYw80B36aP9vw # MatthiasWandel https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCckETVOT59aYw80B36aP9vw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCcvfHa-GHSOHFAjU0-Ie57A # Adam Something https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCcvfHa-GHSOHFAjU0-Ie57A
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCcziTK2NKeWtWQ6kB5tmQ8Q # e-penser 2.0 https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCcziTK2NKeWtWQ6kB5tmQ8Q
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCd18OhMfRmjMjzSHP7Zrzmw # Geoff Marshall https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCd18OhMfRmjMjzSHP7Zrzmw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCdWIQh9DGG6uhJk8eyIFl1w # Theories of Everything with Curt Jaimungal https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCdWIQh9DGG6uhJk8eyIFl1w
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCdmAhiG8HQDlz8uyekw4ENw # Inigo Quilez https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCdmAhiG8HQDlz8uyekw4ENw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCdxTCCRnQgfi2vr2fZupYIQ # Carl Bugeja https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCdxTCCRnQgfi2vr2fZupYIQ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCe-ccO8qK2YH8O7ZjK8XVCQ # SloppyJoePirates CTF Writeups https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCe-ccO8qK2YH8O7ZjK8XVCQ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCeEf90AEmmxaQs5BUkHqR3Q # mitxela https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCeEf90AEmmxaQs5BUkHqR3Q
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCeK-WtMnxma1QVk2EkN3omA # The Den of Tools https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCeK-WtMnxma1QVk2EkN3omA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCePDFpCr78_qmVtpoB1Axaw # Great Art Explained https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCePDFpCr78_qmVtpoB1Axaw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCeR8BYZS7IHYjk_9Mh5JgkA # Scilabus https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCeR8BYZS7IHYjk_9Mh5JgkA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCeRXQ_B5WZD3yjPly45myvg # James Sharman https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCeRXQ_B5WZD3yjPly45myvg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCeU-1X402kT-JlLdAitxSMA # Florin Pop https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCeU-1X402kT-JlLdAitxSMA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCeZLO2VgbZHeDcongKzzfOw # 8-bit Music Theory https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCeZLO2VgbZHeDcongKzzfOw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCe_ijwgvhtHQwQ55vsXDY8w # JackStauber https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCe_ijwgvhtHQwQ55vsXDY8w
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCeiYXex_fwgYDonaTcSIk6w # MinuteEarth https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCeiYXex_fwgYDonaTcSIk6w
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCekQr9znsk2vWxBo3YiLq2w # You Suck At Cooking https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCekQr9znsk2vWxBo3YiLq2w
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCeovElJP0n0i8ADaPsRSd8g # HAINBACH https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCeovElJP0n0i8ADaPsRSd8g
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCf-cfRJyxATGTgWGiFkFUWA # Adam Duff LUCIDPIXUL https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCf-cfRJyxATGTgWGiFkFUWA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCf0O2efB4K66UUaT7QJPVNA # Al Muqaddimah https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCf0O2efB4K66UUaT7QJPVNA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCf4iKXL_SJQ5d0qsKkboRRQ # RMTransit https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCf4iKXL_SJQ5d0qsKkboRRQ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCfA54o0hJc1n7SfxYNSCafA # Econoboi https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCfA54o0hJc1n7SfxYNSCafA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCfGIWnnZY79KO0b12O57byw # Cem Yuksel https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCfGIWnnZY79KO0b12O57byw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCfKNHSWLE3CSs9PXK5RdQCA # Gearknob Official https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCfKNHSWLE3CSs9PXK5RdQCA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCfV36TX5AejfAGIbtwTc7Zw # Chris Hawkes https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCfV36TX5AejfAGIbtwTc7Zw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCfVFSjHQ57zyxajhhRc7i0g # GameHut https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCfVFSjHQ57zyxajhhRc7i0g
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCfWZwsP8trUy5uHJg8gcGIQ # Mackenzie Child https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCfWZwsP8trUy5uHJg8gcGIQ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCfaLzWu44t7TrOMxf5n2dYw # Viva Longevity! https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCfaLzWu44t7TrOMxf5n2dYw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCfeppgcy70ERp4gQrsYijsg # Middle 8 https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCfeppgcy70ERp4gQrsYijsg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCfgtNfWCtsLKutY-BHzIb9Q # CityNerd https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCfgtNfWCtsLKutY-BHzIb9Q
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCflIoVkAjQnyAwDKFmhRDDw # GearSkeptic https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCflIoVkAjQnyAwDKFmhRDDw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCfsznjef2zGJnrCRQBXqo6Q # Machine Thinking https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCfsznjef2zGJnrCRQBXqo6Q
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCftUpOO4h9EgH0eDOZtjzcA # Jan Beta https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCftUpOO4h9EgH0eDOZtjzcA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCfzlCWGWYyIQ0aLC5w48gBQ # sentdex https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCfzlCWGWYyIQ0aLC5w48gBQ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCg-_lYeV8hBnDSay7nmphUA # Sampson Boat Co https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCg-_lYeV8hBnDSay7nmphUA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCg14XfqXim0vpgabU3T7tRg # Practical Programming with Dr. Xu https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCg14XfqXim0vpgabU3T7tRg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCg3qsVzHeUt5_cPpcRtoaJQ # å§åçä¸å¯©èã®æ¥µã¿! https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCg3qsVzHeUt5_cPpcRtoaJQ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCg7MJSwLTsa3gBy_k4Wu63A # deepfocuslens https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCg7MJSwLTsa3gBy_k4Wu63A
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCgBVkKoOAr3ajSdFFLp13_A # KRAZAM https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgBVkKoOAr3ajSdFFLp13_A
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCgFvT6pUq9HLOvKBYERzXSQ # Davie504 https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgFvT6pUq9HLOvKBYERzXSQ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCgIxN1uPgvn5ItMOD2fUU-w # Brief https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgIxN1uPgvn5ItMOD2fUU-w
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCgK09rx0qzZ8GPPFOltlFTg # Saturday Morning RPG Show https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgK09rx0qzZ8GPPFOltlFTg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCgNg3vwj3xt7QOrcIDaHdFg # PolyMatter https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgNg3vwj3xt7QOrcIDaHdFg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCgRBRE1DUP2w7HTH9j_L4OQ # Medlife Crisis https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgRBRE1DUP2w7HTH9j_L4OQ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCgTNupxATBfWmfehv21ym-g # Null Byte https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgTNupxATBfWmfehv21ym-g
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCgdeMp2ZBnovi12THmLc47g # Harry Wolff https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgdeMp2ZBnovi12THmLc47g
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCgmKhcvQ7Xg0Wjq1OVXTDlQ # Simulating Physics https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgmKhcvQ7Xg0Wjq1OVXTDlQ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCh0GdE_8zFwzcxyjNFuKrTQ # ewhac https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCh0GdE_8zFwzcxyjNFuKrTQ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCh3tzzP6n5b1EWcMUpiEhXg # KYLE.ENGINEERS https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCh3tzzP6n5b1EWcMUpiEhXg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCh57rwk3ySElDpzgCDLh9KA # AgentJayZ https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCh57rwk3ySElDpzgCDLh9KA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCh8JiW2G9yR2v7TwUm04m_g # Kris Cochrane https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCh8JiW2G9yR2v7TwUm04m_g
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UChBD4NpITiW2CzIz5GwppDA # Maggie Mae Fish https://www.youtube.com/channel/UChBD4NpITiW2CzIz5GwppDA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UChByJR-sX8CooIAc5nkV7Mg # Matt Stauffer https://www.youtube.com/channel/UChByJR-sX8CooIAc5nkV7Mg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UChSBq3h26QNYGBmi2yQPHKA # MonarchsFactory https://www.youtube.com/channel/UChSBq3h26QNYGBmi2yQPHKA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UChfUOAhz7ynELF-s_1LPpWg # underactuated https://www.youtube.com/channel/UChfUOAhz7ynELF-s_1LPpWg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UChhMB_J0kz8eBJECy4d5uSQ # Crecganford https://www.youtube.com/channel/UChhMB_J0kz8eBJECy4d5uSQ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UChocfRaSZusT5B_n8NpbeqQ # Bevry Readings https://www.youtube.com/channel/UChocfRaSZusT5B_n8NpbeqQ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCi1TC2fLRvgBQNe-T4dp8Eg # Cyrill Stachniss https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCi1TC2fLRvgBQNe-T4dp8Eg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCiEbRbR2F34dORnT0faWFXw # Forrest Haggerty Channel https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCiEbRbR2F34dORnT0faWFXw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCiFAmp2Crv66cQA-9SPje1A # David Parker https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCiFAmp2Crv66cQA-9SPje1A
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCiNWv52iO_OAdZ12kslG4Cg # Unsure Programmer https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCiNWv52iO_OAdZ12kslG4Cg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCiczXOhGpvoQGhOL16EZiTg # CNC Kitchen https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCiczXOhGpvoQGhOL16EZiTg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCimiUgDLbi6P17BdaCZpVbg # exurb1a https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCimiUgDLbi6P17BdaCZpVbg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCiqd3GLTluk2s_IBt7p_LjA # w2aew https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCiqd3GLTluk2s_IBt7p_LjA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCivA7_KLKWo43tFcCkFvydw # Applied Science https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCivA7_KLKWo43tFcCkFvydw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCiz26UeGvcTy4_M3Zhgk7FQ # Defog Tech https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCiz26UeGvcTy4_M3Zhgk7FQ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCj1VqrHhDte54oLgPG4xpuQ # Stuff Made Here https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCj1VqrHhDte54oLgPG4xpuQ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCj54ygjMXmDVVcBZ1xOIh7g # Hobo Shoestring https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCj54ygjMXmDVVcBZ1xOIh7g
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCjFaPUcJU1vwk193mnW_w1w # Modern Vintage Gamer https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCjFaPUcJU1vwk193mnW_w1w
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCjRr5v-lgiqDjLQsg4Z2ETg # Ninurta https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCjRr5v-lgiqDjLQsg4Z2ETg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCjX0FtIZBBVD3YoCcxnDC4g # dcode https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCjX0FtIZBBVD3YoCcxnDC4g
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCjX4iSeYRxWUW8xTvNcAEkA # UK adventures https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCjX4iSeYRxWUW8xTvNcAEkA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCjoe3Qo_DymYyBR6X9VxFjQ # Secret Galaxy https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCjoe3Qo_DymYyBR6X9VxFjQ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCjr2bPAyPV7t35MvcgT3W8Q # The Hated One https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCjr2bPAyPV7t35MvcgT3W8Q
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCk0fGHsCEzGig-rSzkfCjMw # The Engineering Mindset https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCk0fGHsCEzGig-rSzkfCjMw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCkKPFpBG4pFX8wi7hP75mTA # NAVYMAN8903 https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCkKPFpBG4pFX8wi7hP75mTA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCkS_HP3m9NXOgswVAKbMeJQ # Then &amp; Now https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCkS_HP3m9NXOgswVAKbMeJQ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCkVdb9Yr8fc05_VbAVfskCA # Matthew Colville https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCkVdb9Yr8fc05_VbAVfskCA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCkY047vYjF92-8HcoVTXAOg # Coding Secrets https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCkY047vYjF92-8HcoVTXAOg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCkdJ2NwjI8LcgyvfU7PyaVA # Yoshiki Ohshima (å¤§å³¶è³æ¨¹) https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCkdJ2NwjI8LcgyvfU7PyaVA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCkeSyVIlyMJY8tCimwYRGWQ # wil moreno https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCkeSyVIlyMJY8tCimwYRGWQ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCl9OJE9OpXui-gRsnWjSrlA # Photonicinduction https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCl9OJE9OpXui-gRsnWjSrlA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UClKb-FBZL0UVFU4BPt5DmFg # SpaceChatter https://www.youtube.com/channel/UClKb-FBZL0UVFU4BPt5DmFg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCl_dlV_7ofr4qeP1drJQ-qg # Tantacrul https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCl_dlV_7ofr4qeP1drJQ-qg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCl_rEKDGBw4myn0uOnPxYsg # The Technium https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCl_rEKDGBw4myn0uOnPxYsg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UClbDvbWhzImDvV831Jaco7g # Msushi https://www.youtube.com/channel/UClbDvbWhzImDvV831Jaco7g
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCllFkMo5A0V5UKYNltNEt4Q # That Electronics Fool https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCllFkMo5A0V5UKYNltNEt4Q
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UClqhvGmHcvWL9w3R48t9QXQ # Engineering Explained https://www.youtube.com/channel/UClqhvGmHcvWL9w3R48t9QXQ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UClsFdM0HzTdF1JYoraQ0aUw # Brick Experiment Channel https://www.youtube.com/channel/UClsFdM0HzTdF1JYoraQ0aUw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UClt01z1wHHT7c5lKcU8pxRQ # hbomberguy https://www.youtube.com/channel/UClt01z1wHHT7c5lKcU8pxRQ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UClwQgrO1lCQ73VtzQT9Yy7w # Joseph Newton https://www.youtube.com/channel/UClwQgrO1lCQ73VtzQT9Yy7w
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCm325cMiw9B15xl22_gr6Dw # Beau Miles https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCm325cMiw9B15xl22_gr6Dw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCm5mt-A4w61lknZ9lCsZtBw # Steve Brunton https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCm5mt-A4w61lknZ9lCsZtBw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCm87i_qG_B-rRvG7NWqyVLw # Connections Museum https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCm87i_qG_B-rRvG7NWqyVLw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCm9K6rby98W8JigLoZOh6FQ # LockPickingLawyer https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCm9K6rby98W8JigLoZOh6FQ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCmXGDFnFh95WlZjhwmA5aeQ # Frame Voyager https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCmXGDFnFh95WlZjhwmA5aeQ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCmb8hO2ilV9vRa8cilis88A # Thunderf00t https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCmb8hO2ilV9vRa8cilis88A
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCmtyQOKKmrMVaKuRXz02jbQ # Sebastian Lague https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCmtyQOKKmrMVaKuRXz02jbQ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCmvYCRYPDlzSHVNCI_ViJDQ # Tiago Forte https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCmvYCRYPDlzSHVNCI_ViJDQ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCn7lavsPdVGV0qmEEBT6NyA # Marius Hornberger https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCn7lavsPdVGV0qmEEBT6NyA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCnbvPS_rXp4PC21PG2k1UVg # Gaming Historian https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCnbvPS_rXp4PC21PG2k1UVg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCnkEhPBMZcEO0QGu51fDFDg # Marginal Revolution University https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCnkEhPBMZcEO0QGu51fDFDg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCnkp4xDOwqqJD7sSM3xdUiQ # Adam Neely https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCnkp4xDOwqqJD7sSM3xdUiQ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCnmm7WWal4bSl6o8hzPfYmQ # Alex Wild https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCnmm7WWal4bSl6o8hzPfYmQ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCnnnWy4UTYN258FfVGeXBbg # Weibenfalk https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCnnnWy4UTYN258FfVGeXBbg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCoHhuummRZaIVX7bD4t2czg # Professor Leonard https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCoHhuummRZaIVX7bD4t2czg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCoL8olX-259lS1N6QPyP4IQ # Action Retro https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCoL8olX-259lS1N6QPyP4IQ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCoebwHSTvwalADTJhps0emA # Wes Bos https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCoebwHSTvwalADTJhps0emA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCopOnltjd_os9EhR0nE_tSA # High Pressure Aviation Films https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCopOnltjd_os9EhR0nE_tSA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCotwjyJnb-4KW7bmsOoLfkg # Art of the Problem https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCotwjyJnb-4KW7bmsOoLfkg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCovVc-qqwYp8oqwO3Sdzx7w # 74 Gear https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCovVc-qqwYp8oqwO3Sdzx7w
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCoxcjq-8xIDTYp3uz647V5A # Numberphile https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCoxcjq-8xIDTYp3uz647V5A
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCp3yVOm6A55nx65STpm3tXQ # Craft Computing https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCp3yVOm6A55nx65STpm3tXQ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCp5ShPYJvi2EA4hLUERa86w # Core Electronics https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCp5ShPYJvi2EA4hLUERa86w
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCp5hG8rt1z2MJ9aNVxY2Xdg # New Economic Thinking https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCp5hG8rt1z2MJ9aNVxY2Xdg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCp9ZtilfKJds0iWytR_pnOQ # Epimetheus https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCp9ZtilfKJds0iWytR_pnOQ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCpGCuiAOFIDurA-hU_p2E0w # Tech Rules https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCpGCuiAOFIDurA-hU_p2E0w
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCpH3aUvD5eePDJxgGNAlHPQ # ConceptHut https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCpH3aUvD5eePDJxgGNAlHPQ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCpHvNclapYpq8b0ZnGRoMeg # Perimeter Institute for Theoretical Physics https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCpHvNclapYpq8b0ZnGRoMeg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCpJ5uKSLxP84TXQtwiRNm1g # Joop Brokking https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCpJ5uKSLxP84TXQtwiRNm1g
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCpOIUW62tnJTtpWFABxWZ8g # Codecourse https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCpOIUW62tnJTtpWFABxWZ8g
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCpR3WMYUH5iCwPNdYx072jg # thanks_dev https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCpR3WMYUH5iCwPNdYx072jg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCpXfS8bu7ILGCuOtsnJMtxQ # Vivek Haldar https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCpXfS8bu7ILGCuOtsnJMtxQ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCp_5PO66faM4dBFbFFBdPSQ # bitluni https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCp_5PO66faM4dBFbFFBdPSQ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCpejL4mTlUJ_hfQY1PiCW6Q # Dogumentary TV https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCpejL4mTlUJ_hfQY1PiCW6Q
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCpqDUjTsof-kTNpnyWper_Q # John Vervaeke https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCpqDUjTsof-kTNpnyWper_Q
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCpzRDg0orQBZFBPzeXm1yNg # Adam Khoury https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCpzRDg0orQBZFBPzeXm1yNg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCq0sDKI15IW8Fek6OqBhZ3w # cedarvillemusic https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCq0sDKI15IW8Fek6OqBhZ3w
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCq9WQmB1GqfhPKkKFvFkY4A # Project Brupeg https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCq9WQmB1GqfhPKkKFvFkY4A
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCqA8H22FwgBVcF3GJpp0MQw # Monsieur Phi https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCqA8H22FwgBVcF3GJpp0MQw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCqJ-Xo29CKyLTjn6z2XwYAw # Game Maker's Toolkit https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCqJ-Xo29CKyLTjn6z2XwYAw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCqXnuiMcl_Y1-lsPWjm4WdA # Lantertronics - Aaron Lanterman https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCqXnuiMcl_Y1-lsPWjm4WdA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCqcBu0YyEJH4vfKR--97cng # Easy Languages https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCqcBu0YyEJH4vfKR--97cng
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCqqJQ_cXSat0KIAVfIfKkVA # J. Kenji LÃ³pez-Alt https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCqqJQ_cXSat0KIAVfIfKkVA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCqrILQNl5Ed9Dz6CGMyvMTQ # Clever Programmer https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCqrILQNl5Ed9Dz6CGMyvMTQ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCqrxiLP9RHz2GxDJaZuTRBw # Wrong Akram https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCqrxiLP9RHz2GxDJaZuTRBw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCr0BMA5yu3AS0alkR7kYwEQ # Heart of the Keys https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCr0BMA5yu3AS0alkR7kYwEQ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCrCTC5_t-HaVJ025DbYITiw # Alice Cappelle https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCrCTC5_t-HaVJ025DbYITiw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCrFIk7g_riIm2G2Vi90pxDA # Tropical Tidbits https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCrFIk7g_riIm2G2Vi90pxDA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCrHQNOyU1q6BFEfkNq2CYMA # Heartbeast https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCrHQNOyU1q6BFEfkNq2CYMA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCrHx-8y1-q5MLtCZWk0TuFg # å°ä¹å´æ£ https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCrHx-8y1-q5MLtCZWk0TuFg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCrU33aw1k9BqTIq2yKXrmBw # Before Semicolon https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCrU33aw1k9BqTIq2yKXrmBw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCrkPsvLGln62OMZRO6K-llg # Nick Chapsas https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCrkPsvLGln62OMZRO6K-llg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCrkVFY8V-H_JEH-Nv7ylN5g # Zach Gallardo https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCrkVFY8V-H_JEH-Nv7ylN5g
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCrlZs71h3mTR45FgQNINfrg # Mathemaniac https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCrlZs71h3mTR45FgQNINfrg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCrn9HkH3trWYpxzlW9l8eSg # EpsilonDelta https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCrn9HkH3trWYpxzlW9l8eSg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCrqAGUPPMOdo0jfQ6grikZw # Colt Steele https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCrqAGUPPMOdo0jfQ6grikZw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCrqM0Ym_NbK1fqeQG2VIohg # Tsoding Daily https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCrqM0Ym_NbK1fqeQG2VIohg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCruPxS5-hrp9b9GtNMuQA7w # CydoniaPhysGeekGirl https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCruPxS5-hrp9b9GtNMuQA7w
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCs6KfncB4OV6Vug4o_bzijg # Techlore https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCs6KfncB4OV6Vug4o_bzijg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCsBjURrPoezykLs9EqgamOA # Fireship https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCsBjURrPoezykLs9EqgamOA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCsE74YJvPJpaquzTPMO8hAA # Tuesdays with Stories! https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCsE74YJvPJpaquzTPMO8hAA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCsUalyRg43M8D60mtHe6YcA # Honeypot https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCsUalyRg43M8D60mtHe6YcA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCsnGwSIHyoYN0kiINAGUKxg # Wolfgang's Channel https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCsnGwSIHyoYN0kiINAGUKxg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCsqZk5V2d44TNLRFSI5aVfg # Hooper's Beta https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCsqZk5V2d44TNLRFSI5aVfg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCsrumG5BYDcT8sQccLCSL4Q # Mortske Repair https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCsrumG5BYDcT8sQccLCSL4Q
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCsvIYWa4X0_DyszTP5nWSyw # ackzell (Axel MartÃ­nez) https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCsvIYWa4X0_DyszTP5nWSyw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCtAIs1VCQrymlAnw3mGonhw # Flammable Maths https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCtAIs1VCQrymlAnw3mGonhw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCtEnS6HGyK1oe71sxbJuhcw # Helpful Vancouver Vet https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCtEnS6HGyK1oe71sxbJuhcw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCtGO-l5UPnrsLXOGG9nMF5w # EconJohn https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCtGO-l5UPnrsLXOGG9nMF5w
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCtHaxi4GTYDpJgMSGy7AeSw # Michael Reeves https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCtHaxi4GTYDpJgMSGy7AeSw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCtRFmSyL4fSLQkn-wMqlmdA # History of the Universe https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCtRFmSyL4fSLQkn-wMqlmdA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCtUbO6rBht0daVIOGML3c8w # Summoning Salt https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCtUbO6rBht0daVIOGML3c8w
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCtYLUTtgS3k1Fg4y5tAhLbw # StatQuest with Josh Starmer https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCtYLUTtgS3k1Fg4y5tAhLbw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCtb40EQj2inp8zuaQlLx3iQ # Andre Madarang https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCtb40EQj2inp8zuaQlLx3iQ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCthV50MozQIfawL9a_g5rdg # OpenSecurityTraining2 https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCthV50MozQIfawL9a_g5rdg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCtqVwrq2sogclCiqIvV-IUg # Mitch Davis https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCtqVwrq2sogclCiqIvV-IUg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCtqxG9IrHFU_ID1khGvx9sA # All Gas No Brakes https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCtqxG9IrHFU_ID1khGvx9sA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCtxCXg-UvSnTKPOzLH4wJaQ # Coding Tech https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCtxCXg-UvSnTKPOzLH4wJaQ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCtyYTpFBzWdoSFx2Gl2VNbQ # Google Students https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCtyYTpFBzWdoSFx2Gl2VNbQ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCu6mSoMNzHQiBIOCkHUa2Aw # Cody'sLab https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCu6mSoMNzHQiBIOCkHUa2Aw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCu7Zwf4X_OQ-TEnou0zdyRA # Morphocular https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCu7Zwf4X_OQ-TEnou0zdyRA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCu7_D0o48KbfhpEohoP7YSQ # Andreas Spiess https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCu7_D0o48KbfhpEohoP7YSQ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCu9ArHUJZadlhwt3Jt0tqgA # The Educated Barfly https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCu9ArHUJZadlhwt3Jt0tqgA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCuPgdqQKpq4T4zeqmTelnFg # kaptainkristian https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCuPgdqQKpq4T4zeqmTelnFg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCuVLG9pThvBABcYCm7pkNkA # Climate Town https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCuVLG9pThvBABcYCm7pkNkA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCujjLOPLW92zVBlhaL8wxPg # Leonardo Da Sidci https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCujjLOPLW92zVBlhaL8wxPg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCujzLsIPEUY3k7oCm8Nu5tw # MRC Laboratory of Molecular Biology https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCujzLsIPEUY3k7oCm8Nu5tw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCv5xTD1RDY4RzMrO6kgAiBg # Stefan Forster https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCv5xTD1RDY4RzMrO6kgAiBg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCvBqzzvUBLCs8Y7Axb-jZew # Sixty Symbols https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCvBqzzvUBLCs8Y7Axb-jZew
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCvG9V9e1s2lN-hoWeHsDCJQ # Tyler Moore https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCvG9V9e1s2lN-hoWeHsDCJQ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCvI5azOD4eDumpshr00EfIw # CodÃº https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCvI5azOD4eDumpshr00EfIw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCvM5YYWwfLwpcQgbRr68JLQ # Adrian Twarog https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCvM5YYWwfLwpcQgbRr68JLQ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCvZe6ZCbF9xgbbbdkiodPKQ # Baumgartner Restoration https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCvZe6ZCbF9xgbbbdkiodPKQ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCv_vLHiWVBh_FR9vbeuiY-A # Historia Civilis https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCv_vLHiWVBh_FR9vbeuiY-A
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCvjgXvBlbQiydffZU7m1_aw # The Coding Train https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCvjgXvBlbQiydffZU7m1_aw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCvkpKfSUTl8zlDSfOVfRRcA # MidnightSB https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCvkpKfSUTl8zlDSfOVfRRcA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCvlj0IzjSnNoduQF0l3VGng # Some More News https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCvlj0IzjSnNoduQF0l3VGng
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCvpQ-l09fCVxJd3urZbxzHg # The British Museum https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCvpQ-l09fCVxJd3urZbxzHg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCwG9512Wm7jSS6Iqshz4Dpg # ACM SIGPLAN https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCwG9512Wm7jSS6Iqshz4Dpg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCwN5PvSOH0ZvKJoTf84373Q # Pianist Magazine https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCwN5PvSOH0ZvKJoTf84373Q
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCwOConcPgxt3lIKIfBSNrTg # Transparency Boo https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCwOConcPgxt3lIKIfBSNrTg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCwPvdwZZ35dm6xozp-zpcpQ # Big Blue Frontend https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCwPvdwZZ35dm6xozp-zpcpQ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCwRXb5dUK4cvsHbx-rGzSgw # Derek Banas https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCwRXb5dUK4cvsHbx-rGzSgw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCwRqWnW5ZkVaP_lZF7caZ-g # Retro Game Mechanics Explained https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCwRqWnW5ZkVaP_lZF7caZ-g
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCwbeWInXAoxHQZSRi6AE7Bw # Kid Leaves Stoop https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCwbeWInXAoxHQZSRi6AE7Bw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCwd5VFu4KoJNjkWJZMFJGHQ # Jacob Sorber https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCwd5VFu4KoJNjkWJZMFJGHQ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCwgKmJM4ZJQRJ-U5NjvR2dg # george hotz archive https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCwgKmJM4ZJQRJ-U5NjvR2dg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCwpHKudUkP5tNgmMdexB3ow # Mentour Pilot https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCwpHKudUkP5tNgmMdexB3ow
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCx6bPoa-JzryIz3eSk5TC7Q # Alice Sara Ott https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCx6bPoa-JzryIz3eSk5TC7Q
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCx9QVEApa5BKLw9r8cnOFEA # Gopher Academy https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCx9QVEApa5BKLw9r8cnOFEA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCxA99Yr6P_tZF9_BgtMGAWA # Faraday Academy https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCxA99Yr6P_tZF9_BgtMGAWA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCxCFQfO05RinX6x_r5VVuiA # Jamie Windsor https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCxCFQfO05RinX6x_r5VVuiA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCxCcH7KGnHbjSmZn2OqD4xA # Timmy2Cents https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCxCcH7KGnHbjSmZn2OqD4xA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCxDZs_ltFFvn0FDHT6kmoXA # bald and bankrupt https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCxDZs_ltFFvn0FDHT6kmoXA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCxHAlbZQNFU2LgEtiqd2Maw # C++ Weekly With Jason Turner https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCxHAlbZQNFU2LgEtiqd2Maw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCxQKHvKbmSzGMvUrVtJYnUA # Learn Linux TV https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCxQKHvKbmSzGMvUrVtJYnUA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCxSITxL2JbF229OGCqieVZw # Garrett Love https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCxSITxL2JbF229OGCqieVZw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCxX9wt5FWQUAAz4UrysqK9A # CS Dojo https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCxX9wt5FWQUAAz4UrysqK9A
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCxXSGusSCEW4UQ8-us3yL9g # arronmunroe https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCxXSGusSCEW4UQ8-us3yL9g
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCxboW7x0jZqFdvMdCFKTMsQ # GDQuest https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCxboW7x0jZqFdvMdCFKTMsQ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCxt2r57cLastdmrReiQJkEg # Tom Nicholas https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCxt2r57cLastdmrReiQJkEg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCxv8jMd-ABJboKo1a_LtuNA # LiveCoder https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCxv8jMd-ABJboKo1a_LtuNA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCxzcBfvmeLmUNjlyM7FMgFg # Larry King https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCxzcBfvmeLmUNjlyM7FMgFg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCy-IytMjnUY6_bAxD7yuZ-w # Wesley Kagan https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCy-IytMjnUY6_bAxD7yuZ-w
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCy0tKL1T7wFoYcxCe0xjN6Q # Technology Connections https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCy0tKL1T7wFoYcxCe0xjN6Q
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCy1a9TTEuEgfH9Py9sTVqdQ # Nikolai Schirmer https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCy1a9TTEuEgfH9Py9sTVqdQ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCy4kgsAYxcraee8w5SfqXPA # BAXEDM https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCy4kgsAYxcraee8w5SfqXPA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCy6Q9UCG7Wa-N7nht2BFrHA # CSI Starbase https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCy6Q9UCG7Wa-N7nht2BFrHA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCyDZai57BfE_N0SaBkKQyXg # Rob Scallon https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCyDZai57BfE_N0SaBkKQyXg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCyHDQ5C6z1NDmJ4g6SerW8g # MAITHINK X https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCyHDQ5C6z1NDmJ4g6SerW8g
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCyIe-61Y8C4_o-zZCtO4ETQ # DevTips https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCyIe-61Y8C4_o-zZCtO4ETQ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCyJDHgrsUKuWLe05GvC2lng # Stupid Economics https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCyJDHgrsUKuWLe05GvC2lng
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCyNtlmLB73-7gtlBz00XOQQ # Folding Ideas https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCyNtlmLB73-7gtlBz00XOQQ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCyU5wkjgQYGRB0hIHMwm2Sg # Syntax https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCyU5wkjgQYGRB0hIHMwm2Sg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCycgP593DMELhYaCxkkd0vw # pillbox movies https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCycgP593DMELhYaCxkkd0vw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCynGrIaI5vsJQgHJAIp9oSg # Greg's Airplanes and Automobiles https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCynGrIaI5vsJQgHJAIp9oSg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCywW9bE07V-jskARJwc74cw # Refeeld https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCywW9bE07V-jskARJwc74cw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCyxv-Kecjm1eH83nmDmVlvA # Diet Doctor https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCyxv-Kecjm1eH83nmDmVlvA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCz-BYvuntVRt_VpfR6FKXJw # Kent C. Dodds https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCz-BYvuntVRt_VpfR6FKXJw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCz0KHkY0vuwou3sEBSpbExg # Stanford Blockchain Club https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCz0KHkY0vuwou3sEBSpbExg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCzBjutX2PmitNF4avysL-vg # Aleph 0 https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCzBjutX2PmitNF4avysL-vg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCzT8oB4s45w3X1IG_TJtDBw # Simplifying Synthesis https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCzT8oB4s45w3X1IG_TJtDBw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCzePijHDYnVHIXW6HYTL4dg # webcrunch https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCzePijHDYnVHIXW6HYTL4dg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCzfW6SlNEyxmAPtdr3n-_Og # Moritz Klein https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCzfW6SlNEyxmAPtdr3n-_Og
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCzfhlrk4IDOgZLC5ZHdi2AA # Strikepoint https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCzfhlrk4IDOgZLC5ZHdi2AA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCzj9-ZfpJ74vYv1RZzAWTVg # Confessions d'Histoire https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCzj9-ZfpJ74vYv1RZzAWTVg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCzjS_6kYzuWNznwIfQdqt1w # Travels With Geordie https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCzjS_6kYzuWNznwIfQdqt1w
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCzkjgi_ssPh82uiro89uvNA # Asu https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCzkjgi_ssPh82uiro89uvNA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCzl8GEjZbjgtVj0ppupdBbg # Alex Dainis https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCzl8GEjZbjgtVj0ppupdBbg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCzlXwR8hC2cY2r_TbME3ORw # CORE https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCzlXwR8hC2cY2r_TbME3ORw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCzyuZJ8zZ-Lhfnz41DG5qLw # Dani Krossing https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCzyuZJ8zZ-Lhfnz41DG5qLw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC6GJSRKam_2BnNblvoguKiA # War Archive https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC6GJSRKam_2BnNblvoguKiA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCEniETQY1BlJ3s-Np3YDApw # Gritty Soldier https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCEniETQY1BlJ3s-Np3YDApw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC0MGL-8ZUj8bB5rDdE4TXZQ # Escape to rural France https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC0MGL-8ZUj8bB5rDdE4TXZQ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC0MGL-8ZUj8bB5rDdE4TXZQ # Escape to rural France https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC0MGL-8ZUj8bB5rDdE4TXZQ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCmtyR1piEzGwYR5cfHo_VTQ # slickerdrips https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCmtyR1piEzGwYR5cfHo_VTQ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCR_i-r3a0vnlUJxEN4_5l3g # Calum https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCR_i-r3a0vnlUJxEN4_5l3g
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC1fkms84ecHysOOz9TU6zig # Blast Processing https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC1fkms84ecHysOOz9TU6zig
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC7munRunnips5mRTHdVOPUw # Golden Owl https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC7munRunnips5mRTHdVOPUw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC3g8YdblbqlUAKEeAJbzMYw # What's So Great About That? https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC3g8YdblbqlUAKEeAJbzMYw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCgbw0F-frjDxvQjzruGRJwg # The Serial Port https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgbw0F-frjDxvQjzruGRJwg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCg3tygBbdzyLEZ4lPMpCAFw # Byte Review https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCg3tygBbdzyLEZ4lPMpCAFw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCuQT7Vc3OjjZuGkqehNxb6w # Enrico Tartarotti https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCuQT7Vc3OjjZuGkqehNxb6w
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCUcpVoi5KkJmnE3bvEhHR0Q # ritvikmath https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCUcpVoi5KkJmnE3bvEhHR0Q
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCC26K7LTSrJK0BPAUyyvtQg # Brandon James Greer https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCC26K7LTSrJK0BPAUyyvtQg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCJLOFNyoiXsWmZGZTi1TnYA # Brandon Talbot https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCJLOFNyoiXsWmZGZTi1TnYA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC4CsqctrGOn4NTz09sAhXwQ # Macho Nacho Productions https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4CsqctrGOn4NTz09sAhXwQ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCcCYTCDxsMl84_btikjY40Q # Work From Hype https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCcCYTCDxsMl84_btikjY40Q
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCs523RmO5vIVulYpOoAGDyw # Blonde Politics https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCs523RmO5vIVulYpOoAGDyw
